- Text: while typing text and reaching page bottom?
- move icon
- text alignment
- folders?
- add tag easy-docs


Features:
- ruller tool
V- Document backup
V- Marker
V- folder in folder

- Table:
  - while type text in a cell and reaching the cell bottom: ?
    - what if we enlarge row, and the page bottom is reached ?
  V- while resizing table/moving - what happens to text in cells affected?
  V- if removing table? is the text gone with it?
  V- if removing row or col, text gone?
  V- while exiting a cell editing text, the text which is wrapped is organized differently
  - add more than one table? not now
V- remove 2Talk - AAC

- Fonts?
- Search?


Bugs:
V- when in text edit, selecting different font adds space
V- in very large text size, the yellow is wrong and wrap the text after exiting


V- in zoom, the bottom seperator and down move button - is wrongly placed


----
V- when landscape, camera is 90deg offset
V- in offsets, table lines are not correct.
V- in iPhone the horizontal lines are not dragged - wrong offset
V- in a narrow iphone portrait the table menu is too densed
- in zoom when start new zooming action it jumps to high zoom
V- in iPhone the V inside the color selector is too low
V- from the main window, add a page is not saving it 
V- new page from media does not work
V- eraser after marker is black
V- move folder from inside folder to default adds undefined to name
V- drag folder into a folder

V- in home mode show drag over on folder

Comments from Nechama
-------
1. Create folder - colors in landscape - 4 lines of two?
2. context menu redesign


Bugs:
V- text  disappears if move from brush to text (without click)
V- look for text is not accurate on width
V- buttons next and back of pages without text is too small and luck background




Results of observing kids in person:
V- When keyboard is closed/opened, move page slower and with animation
V- when keyboard is opened, allow up/down with one finger swipe
??- When Text is back to canvas, use some animation to ease the way the input text box is gone 
(not to loose track of the text)
- Moving text box - location of drag icon?!

Version 1.4:
-----------
V- Move pic without drag icon
V- click on image mode with no image - load image
V- preview for very large text
V- image with high quality
V- new colors - last 4 in square
V- in image mode - no preview
V- in image mode, change the image icon to have a "plus"
V- in colors: always "collapse/expand icon" and ok button to select
V- also in text extra size: collapse/expand. in extra size - have a slider and remember mode like colors
V- sensitivity of locating a text box
V- plus sign in image mode
V- move color to the center and down
V- bug in picture that leaves room at bottom

V- rename from edit -> throws rejection
V- yello: "attempt to capture a commit phase"
- "open with" from pdf - crash
V- remove masked-view
V- remove native prop for fontsize
V- sort not working
V- on home, edit button should be disabled
V- search case insensitive
V- performance of loading page to edit

- test:
  V- camera rotation
  V- drag and drop to move pages
  V- import from pdf
  -  




Bugs 1.3:
V- when closing keyboard text is not back to canvas
V- zoom out with buttons page disapears slowly
V- in English, the folders' title is too much to the left
V- when only folders, on home they are kind of centered
V- when no items, hide sorting on home
V- new from media - error measuring file
- drag in english, sometimes not working
- in hebrew, when draging, mislplaced and cannot drop on folder
V- create folder english title




V- find the folder in the tree?!
V- font?
V- sort in home
V - scrollbar in tree
V- remove arrows when keyboard is opened
V- check default lang based on the iPad


V- yellow indicator lost after two clicks
- up button below opened fadein
V- hit right with no zoom too early
V - add progress to add photo
V - drag img not moving page
V - create folder with image


V- ראשי to home
V- new icon for home
V- when return folder is default go to home
V- make spaces
V- hide more brush, and more color
V- add images - hide
V - בחר תמונה  - button
V- change flow of new page to same as camera
V- drag page into folder
V* Text on the very bottom of page cannot be selected
V highlight folder of drop
V in non tile - no spacer
V  create folder - missing texts in buttons only from main
missing progress in adding photo
V no drag and drop in search mode
missing sort in home
V* when moving text under keyboard - stop when all picture is above keyboard. also work in non zoom
when zoom with button, keep center
V put text on zoom - scrolls too much
V add photo quality is too low
V when ext menu is opened, :
V- the drag image is not below finger
V - text stops too high above keyboard
V - remember last 3 colors
- 



Bugs:
V- rotate device while zoom - not good
V- zoom all the way out - offset to 0?
V- scroll main page

Mobile bugs:
- selecting icon to folder - no scroll



V- when closing keyboard, move back
V- when in zoom and open keyboard, sometimes loose location - move not considering zoom - 
V- camera not in right orientation sometimes 

V - when you crop in 2 pages - save - first page's crop is lost and second is zoomed?
V - in landscape mode, the color selection's circles are growing and are cut
V - when typing:
    V - long text, do not let the text go over the page - wrap it
    V - while typing if the text goes below the keyboard - move page
V - when editing large font size, when exiting text mode the size changes (or is it just the yellow?)
V - rename folder to change color - this folder already exists error
V- after rename, thumbnail is lost
- move text in zoom mode - boundaries
High:

Medium:

Low:
V - page menu in folder stays even after navigation and going home
V - After folder delete - remove edit mode


Features:
Large: 
V - Add photo to existing page
- translate to english ?
- Android ?
- folder in folder?

Medium:
V - remove default folder all together. render pages on desktop
V- in save page, do not show template folders, but "more.." will hide them
V - in new folder, add option to select a photo from lib
V - in letter sizes, add "more" and add even bigger options
  V - fix preview size
V - in color selection, add "more" (instead of orange) and add pallette? 
    what about remembering the selected colors?

Low:
- (low) when using arrows to move in zoom, should the view port moves or page moves?
- date of page?





31-july
------
- splashscreen - image is hebrew

V- remove slider in color picking

- show placeholder so you know 

Pictures:
V- leave pic in max quality
- delete pic, icon outside and ask before deletion
V- avoid using the erasor
V- in pic mode close other selectors

TextSize: 
V- more difference between the preset letters
- preview on large fontsize
- + with same color
- large font picker - same color, pan responder
- 

Editor:
- line location when changing portrait to landscape


- Marker??

21-Aug
------
V - click on one of the three up buttons - collapse toolbar
V - Add picture from camera - with a sub-menu
V - custom font - bar to the editing
splash screen in english
V - Arabic texts
V - better resolution of added images


refactor-render of canvas
----------
- share flow
